2018 winter anime review

Citrus

A little too much drama, but overall pretty good. Was thrown off by Mei and Matsuri's voices, but have gotten used to them now. Not the best love story, but compared to other, well, homosexual love stories, Citrus is one of the best.

Sexual harassment only becomes sexual harassment when the person receiving the action feels harassed. In basically all real world cases that is true, but with Yuzu in ep1 it isn't.

I like the manga a little more, but it's still nice to see an anime adaptation.

Antarctica

*What the hell have I been doing with my life?*

Tried watching this without subtitles and struggled to understand many words they're saying, but watching it on niconico is a real joy.

Their days living in an Antarctica settlement makes me think about future Moon or Mars settlements.

The laptop in ep12 is using Office 2013 based on the interface. *Office 2013 is actually that old…*

The animation and art in general is *really* good. Like, about as good as S;G, or even better.

Yuru Cam▷

The Taiwanese translation uses the title "Shaking Camp". Come on, *yuru* obviously means "laid back" in this context…

Also, *what the hell have I been doing with my life?*, again.

niconico comments keep saying "If this were Sakura Trick, they would've … [kissed]", which ended up making me watch Sakura Trick for myself…

Takagi-san

*What the actual hell have I been doing with my life?*, spike 3. Ouch.

Please eventually confess, you two, don't be like me.

PPTP

Congrats on getting 1 million views on every episode on niconico…

I actually kind of want to see Hoshiiro adapted into a real series. I mean, the producer said no plans for PPTP season 2, but what's stopping Hoshiiro from getting a 2 cour adaptation…?

Other shows I watched during this time:

Kotonoha no niwa

I have read the novel version before this, so I knew what to expect.

Ancient Magus Bride OVA

A 3-episode small story on Chise's past. I really should go and watch the main series…

Sakura Trick

A yuri show that's more interested in them doing stuff instead of the actual relationship.